Israel is pulling negotiators from its
intelligence agency mosad out of Doha
it's blaming a deadlock in negotiations
with Kari Representatives let's get more
on this developing story from Ali Hashim
who is live for us here in Doha so Ali
what more are you hearing on
this well a statement by the Israeli
Prime Minister's office indicated that
he is uh pulling out the uh Israeli
delegation the Mad delegation that's uh
that was taken uh part in the
negotiations here in DHA of course this
is an indirect negotiation uh mediated
by uh Qatar the uh Israeli Prime
Minister's office thank Qatar Egypt and
the United States of America for their
role in uh the truth that was reached uh
last week of course as we know the Qatar
mediated truce uh led to uh the uh uh
Palestinian group Hamas releasing around
181 Israeli captives and around uh 23 uh
th th and Filipino uh captives who were
in Gaza and in return Israel um released
some 240 Palestinians um including
children and women many of them who were
detained uh without even being sentenced
by uh the courts so the situation right
now given the fact that Israel already
resumed the war is that there's no talks
for now and uh everyone will be waiting
to see whether a new attempt will be
done in order to U restore a truce and
of course uh the first category of uh
captives that was released were women
and and children from the Palestinian
side and from the Israeli side now there
are other categories including the uh
women Soldiers the reservists the men
who ended the uh uh the period in
reserve and of course the military
personnel who are in captivity with
Hamas and Ali I know details are thin on
the ground right now as to exactly why
these talks these particular talks have
have have hit a a roadblock at this
point but I suppose it does uh give you
a sense doesn't it of just how fragile
uh and delicate this whole process has
been from the
beginning well from the beginning there
was an offer that Hamas placed on the
table which is all for all all the
Israeli captives for all the Palestinian
prisoners and Hamas said that it wanted
to clean as it said the Israeli presence
of Palestinian diones this was refused
and then we went through the uh uh uh
the first Truth uh that uh extended uh
over around uh six days from the 24th of
November till the 30th of November and
then after uh uh this deadlock that
Israel spoke about and uh Israel resumed
its uh its campaign its war on on Gaza
and as we can see the pictures from from
Gaza it's it's continuing its
bombardment of the residential buildings
and and this is the situation now of
course there's going to be a lot of uh
efforts by Qatar of course as a mediator
and also by the United States of America
and Egypt in order to try bring the uh
Israelis uh back to the table and of
course Hamas uh from the other side
because this is an indirect negotiation
so the mediators will try their best but
at the end there should be of course a
new uh status qu and maybe new
conditions on the table all right for
the moment Ali Hashim life first there
in daha thanks very much